Hello dear friends this
berry business otliz from want you
tell of Bezus th strawberries
which is propagated by seeds well
slightly revive and roots climb only
slugs will sit here this seedling
I want to show up already on the berry
how are the stages in the production of such
a seedling such a seedling is already possible
plant on drip irrigation on
permanent seedlings
grow more or less equal to vepa as if
This is the first strawberry growing experience.
from seeds and more less it turned out
successful i mean i want to show you all
stages this is the final stage final
seedling for a permanent place here
see 10 10 sleeve plenochka
usually forest land
once under the oaks grows well that is
we are just digging
trench
set not and deployed flew on
breaks we put a lump of earth
sprinkle here is how she grew for the same
depth and all that is the process of landing
finished look and
then first all the seeds were sown first
Here peat drawers elephant never flew
centimeters a layer of peat and just
thickly and thickly with sand they sowed seeds
mixed in such a box of five
bags of seeds seeds good bags
help that
that something up to 200 seeds that is
it turns out about a thousand
on such a big seed box with
sand mixed up here and so scattered
then people from above took capri cowards
traffic a little bit less important
and even drier so that the light layer
sprinkled zilch allochku and on top
something covered so it was less
evaporation is best such a box
put here just such a canoe
what's that guy called here
foger and humidity is very good
high and instant seeds germinate
does not dry the top layer of soil then
there is and there is an opportunity to do
make such a greenhouse and the seeds will be
sprout moment she then sprouted
the seeds
stand in the shade that is, under the mesh
so as not to burn in the sun and quickly
so here is the growth and then from here to we
already take transplant or cassette
as we did with this box or here
such containers as we did there
with another with other varieties
that's all I wanted to tell strawberries
from seeds
when it starts fruiting will begin
fruiting at the end of the summer I tell you
I will tell you in more detail will remove all the good